>> Mike: Lets look at a short
exercise involving @extend.
Keep in mind, placeholders work very
similar to classes in terms of how
@extend works and how it should work and
how you would think it works.
So we want to have a very
similar outcome as exercise one.
Except what I have done
here is I have placed
buttons at the bottom of the exercise.
One of which has just
the raw btn class on it, and
I want no styles that directly affect btn.
So what we want is to basically
end up with the primary and
secondary button classes,
being sort of free standing.
And their whole idea of being based
on this, like base button class,
that should be completely
handled in the SASS later or
it should never make its way into the CSS,
right?
So you're gonna start with
making btn a placeholder and
extend primary and secondary from that and
start to then get the test to pass